# Olived

https://olived.app

> Olived is stripchat live recorder, it can record, download and archive stripchat live videos to watch them later in the future.

## Intro

OlivedPro is a modern, all-platform live streaming recorder that monitors the streamer's status and automatically turns on recording when your favorite streamer is online. Helps you capture every live content just like a regular TV recorder.

This software can record with the best video quality, from 720p to 4K! If your network bandwidth allows, it can record as many broadcasts as you want at the same time. Now, OlivedPro has supported recording on bigo, bigo, Twitch, bigo, Douyin, Douyu, Huya, NimoTV, Bilibili and lots of other platforms! Download and use it now!


## Manual

You can check on the usage video at https://www.bigo.com/@OlivedApp or see the instructions below.

Steps​
1. Download the software at https://olived.app/
2. Paste the live url into the software
3. Once you submit the task, you will see the live being recorded
4. You can also customize the configuration items as required
5. The recorded information can be viewed on the task details page

## Feature

The default is to simply paste in the url and it will automatically resolve the other configuration items without having to fill them in manually. url format can be viewed on the platform page.

* Automatic transcoding to MP4 format
* Automatic cutting when the file is of a certain size or the playback length meets certain conditions
* Some platforms require cookie configuration
* Change detection interval
* Customize the file name generated by the download
* Custom proxies
* Custom storage path
* Custom downloader
